README.md, before:

# Terraform module for CloudFront redirect

This module can be used to set up static redirects from one URL to another in a
Lambda@Edge function for CloudFront. An example usage is as follows:

```hcl
data "aws_cloudfront_cache_policy" "caching_disabled" {
  name = "Managed-CachingDisabled"
}

data "aws_cloudfront_origin_request_policy" "all_viewer" {
  name = "Managed-AllViewer"
}

module "redirects_label" {
  source  = "cloudposse/label/null"
  version = "0.24.1"

  name      = "redirects"
  stage     = "production"
  namespace = "namespace"
}

module "redirects" {
  providers = {
    aws = aws.us_east_1
  }

  source        = "../../terraform-module-cloudfront-redirects"
  label_context = module.redirects_label.context

  config = <<-EOF
    GET example.org/index.html 301 https://example.com/
    GET example.org/(.*)       301 https://example.com/$1

    GET example.net/index.html 301 https://example.com/
    GET example.net/(.*)       301 https://example.com/$1
  EOF
}

resource "aws_cloudfront_distribution" "redirects" {
  enabled     = true
  comment     = "Redirects distribution"
  price_class = "PriceClass_100"

  origin {
    domain_name = "www.example.org"
    origin_id   = "www.example.org"

    custom_origin_config {
      http_port              = 80
      https_port             = 443
      origin_protocol_policy = "https-only"
      origin_ssl_protocols   = ["TLSv1.2"]
    }
  }

  default_cache_behavior {
    allowed_methods          = ["HEAD", "GET", "OPTIONS"]
    cached_methods           = ["HEAD", "GET", "OPTIONS"]
    target_origin_id         = "www.example.org"
    viewer_protocol_policy   = "redirect-to-https"
    cache_policy_id          = data.aws_cloudfront_cache_policy.caching_disabled.id
    origin_request_policy_id = data.aws_cloudfront_origin_request_policy.all_viewer.id

    lambda_function_association {
      event_type   = "viewer-request"
      lambda_arn   = module.redirects.lambda_qualified_arn
      include_body = false
    }
  }

  restrictions {
    geo_restriction {
      restriction_type = "none"
    }
  }

  viewer_certificate {
    cloudfront_default_certificate = true
  }
}
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_archive"></a> [archive](#requirement\_archive) | ~> 2.2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_archive"></a> [archive](#provider\_archive) | ~> 2.2.0 |
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_label"></a> [label](#module\_label) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.24.1 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_role.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.lambda_basic_execution](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_lambda_function.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_function) | resource |
| [archive_file.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/archive/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy.lambda_basic_execution](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_config"></a> [config](#input\_config) | Formatted file containing the redirect rules. This is simple text files with<br>space separated fields per line. Whitespace only lines are ignored.<br><br>The following fields should be defined on each line. The first two fields<br>are used to match the request, the last two fields are used to build the<br>response.<br><br>* Request method: the rule only applies if the method of the request matches<br>  this this field exactly. Specify a literal * to match all request methods.<br>* Request URI: the rule only applies if the request URI, excluding the<br>  protocol, matches this field as a regular expression. The field is<br>  compiled to a JavaScript RegExp, so this dialect applies. The full URL<br>  should match the regex, start and end of line matchers are not necessary.<br>* Response status code: HTTP status code for the response. This should be<br>  in the 3xx range, though this module does not validate if it is correct.<br>* Response URI: this URI will be used as the location header in the<br>  response. Any captured groups from the request path can be used in this<br>  URI according to the String.prototype.replace function in JavaScript.<br>  This field contains the full URI including the protocol.<br><br>When a request is processed by the lambda, each rule is evaluated in order<br>until one matches the request. This rule is applied and the other rules are<br>ignored.<br><br>An example of a valid configuration is:<br><br>  GET example.org/index.html 301 https://example.com/<br>  GET example.org/(.*)       301 https://example.com/$1<br><br>  GET example.net/index.html 301 https://example.com/<br>  GET example.net/(.*)       301 https://example.com/$1 | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_label_context"></a> [label\_context](#input\_label\_context) | Context for the null label which determines names of resources | `any` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_lambda_arn"></a> [lambda\_arn](#output\_lambda\_arn) | ARN of redirect function without version specifier |
| <a name="output_lambda_qualified_arn"></a> [lambda\_qualified\_arn](#output\_lambda\_qualified\_arn) | ARN of redirect function with version specifier |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Use terraform values for redirect rules
This patch removes the custom file format for specifying redirect rules
and replaces it with Terraform values. The benefits are this that this
is more familiar to people using Terraform, it allows us to easily type
check the rules, and it removes the need for custom parsing code. The
downside is that redirect rules are now a bit more verbose and difficult
to read for humans.

README.md, after:

# Terraform module for CloudFront redirect

This module can be used to set up static redirects from one URL to another in a
Lambda@Edge function for CloudFront. An example usage is as follows:

```hcl
data "aws_cloudfront_cache_policy" "caching_disabled" {
  name = "Managed-CachingDisabled"
}

data "aws_cloudfront_origin_request_policy" "all_viewer" {
  name = "Managed-AllViewer"
}

module "redirects_label" {
  source  = "cloudposse/label/null"
  version = "0.24.1"

  name      = "redirects"
  stage     = "production"
  namespace = "namespace"
}

module "redirects" {
  providers = {
    aws = aws.us_east_1
  }

  source        = "../../terraform-module-cloudfront-redirects"
  label_context = module.redirects_label.context

  redirect_rules = [
    {
      match = {
        method = "GET"
        url    = "https://example.org/index.html"
      }

      status = 301
      url    = "https://example.com/"
    },
    {
      match = {
        method = "GET"
        url    = "https://example.org/(.*)"
      }

      status = 301
      url    = "https://example.com/$1"
    }
  ]
}

resource "aws_cloudfront_distribution" "redirects" {
  enabled     = true
  comment     = "Redirects distribution"
  price_class = "PriceClass_100"
  aliases     = ["example.org"]

  origin {
    domain_name = "www.example.org"
    origin_id   = "www.example.org"

    custom_origin_config {
      http_port              = 80
      https_port             = 443
      origin_protocol_policy = "https-only"
      origin_ssl_protocols   = ["TLSv1.2"]
    }
  }

  default_cache_behavior {
    allowed_methods          = ["HEAD", "GET", "OPTIONS"]
    cached_methods           = ["HEAD", "GET", "OPTIONS"]
    target_origin_id         = "www.example.org"
    viewer_protocol_policy   = "redirect-to-https"
    cache_policy_id          = data.aws_cloudfront_cache_policy.caching_disabled.id
    origin_request_policy_id = data.aws_cloudfront_origin_request_policy.all_viewer.id

    lambda_function_association {
      event_type   = "viewer-request"
      lambda_arn   = module.redirects.lambda_qualified_arn
      include_body = false
    }
  }

  restrictions {
    geo_restriction {
      restriction_type = "none"
    }
  }

  viewer_certificate {
    cloudfront_default_certificate = true
  }
}
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_archive"></a> [archive](#requirement\_archive) | ~> 2.2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_archive"></a> [archive](#provider\_archive) | ~> 2.2.0 |
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_label"></a> [label](#module\_label) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.24.1 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_role.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.lambda_basic_execution](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_lambda_function.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_function) | resource |
| [archive_file.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/archive/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy.lambda_basic_execution](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_label_context"></a> [label\_context](#input\_label\_context) | Context for the null label which determines names of resources | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_redirect_rules"></a> [redirect\_rules](#input\_redirect\_rules) | Rules determine which URLs redirect to which other URLs.<br><br>The match object determines if a request matches the rule. Both the method<br>and URL should match. If no method is specified, all request methods<br>will match.<br><br>The match URL can be a regular expression. In this case, the beginning and<br>end of line matchers are added implicitly. The JavaScript regular expression<br>dialect should be used. Only the host and path of the URL are used to match<br>the request. All other parts, like the scheme, query and fragment are<br>ignored.<br><br>The status and URL determine where the client is redirected to. Both must be<br>set. The URL should include a scheme and can use any capturing groups<br>captured during the matching phase.<br><br>See documentation on JavaScript's String.prototype.replace to learn more<br>about JavaScript regular expressions and the usage of capturing groups in<br>the reponse URL. | <pre>list(<br>    object(<br>      {<br>        status = number<br>        url    = string<br><br>        match = object({<br>          method = optional(string)<br>          url    = string<br>        })<br>      }<br>    )<br>  )</pre> | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_lambda_arn"></a> [lambda\_arn](#output\_lambda\_arn) | ARN of redirect function without version specifier |
| <a name="output_lambda_qualified_arn"></a> [lambda\_qualified\_arn](#output\_lambda\_qualified\_arn) | ARN of redirect function with version specifier |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
